INSTALLATION

* This is a preliminary guide. More advanced examples and recipes
will be added here later.

Acquire and install the CakePHP framework from http://cakephp.org/
Zuluru is known to work with version 1.3.6 of CakePHP. There are
instructions for downloading and installing in various configurations
at http://book.cakephp.org/view/909/Installation-Preparation and
http://book.cakephp.org/view/912/Installation

Acquire and install the Zuluru source code. The CakePHP installation
instructions will assume you're putting your application (i.e. Zuluru)
in the app folder, but that can cause problems when updating to a newer
version of CakePHP. Instead, it is recommended that you put Zuluru in a
folder called zuluru, next to the app folder. The remaining directions
will assume this is where you've put it. Adjust the steps you take when
installing CakePHP for this.

If Zuluru is your primary application (e.g. you have only Zuluru and
some HTML files), Zuluru will be at http://www.example.com/ If Zuluru
is co-existing with some kind of content management system, a more
common URL would be http://www.example.com/zuluru/ Whatever is right
for your setup, we'll refer to this as <ZULURU> below.

At this point, you should (hopefully) be able to point your browser at
the Zuluru install, <ZULURU>/install. This will ask for information
about your database, and some other information about your site. The
database must have been created ahead of time, though it can be empty.

The install process will create all of Zuluru's database tables and
insert default starting information where required, as well as creating
the database.php and install.php files in zuluru/config. Once this
process is done, you shouldn't need to touch those files, but you can
always make changes manually as required.

Once installation is completed and the database has been populated, log
in with the administrative user name and password provided, and go
through the various pages under the Settings menu to finalize your site
configuration.

LEAGUERUNNER CONVERSION

Sometime soon, the install procedure will be enhanced to detect an
existing Leaguerunner database and attempt to convert it to the Zuluru
format. Further details will be added here when that work is complete.
In the meantime, you can contact admin@zuluru.org for assistance with
a manual conversion.

UPDATES

When updates to Zuluru are released, there may also be changes to the
database required. After updating the code, go to <ZULURU>/update and
Zuluru will take care of these changes for you.

DEBUGGING

If you get blank pages or generic error messages, try changing the
debug level in zuluru/config/core.php from 0 to 1 or 2. This should
give you details on what's going wrong. Looking at your server's error
logs may also provide some help.

CUSTOMIZATION

You can customize the look of any part of the system using CakePHP's
"theming" functionality. See README.themes for more details.

ADMINISTRATION

For help on setting up fields, leagues, registration events, and the
other details required for day-to-day use of the system, see the help
in the application.
